[MIG] product_tax_multicompany_default: Migration to 12.0 (#180)
OCA/multi-company: product_tax_multicompany_default/README.rst

> .. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.png

Reviewer: Split the README into parts and generate the new template

   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

=================================
Product Tax Multi Company Default
=================================

This module sets the default company taxes for all the existing companies when
a product is created. It also adds a button to set all the taxes from other
companies matching them by tax code.

Configuration
=============

#. As obvious, you need to have several companies.

> #. Go to Accounting > Configuration > Settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to Invoicing > Configuration > Settings
```

> #. Select the proper company (if you are admin or a user with several companies

Reviewer: In v12, there's no admin that sees everything.

   access), or keep the current one (for a regular user).

> #. On Invoicing & Payments section, set fields "Default Sale Tax" and "Default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. On *Taxes > Default Taxes* section, set fields "Sales Tax" and "
```

   Purchase Tax".

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to Sales > Sales > Products.
#. Create a new product and save it.

> #. Switching user company (or being as admin or user with several companies

Reviewer: No admin in v12

    :alt: OCA/multi-company
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/multi-company-12-0/multi-company-12-0-product_tax_multicompany_default
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/133/12.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module sets the default company taxes for all the existing companies when
a product is created. It also adds a button in product view to set all the
taxes from other companies matching them by tax code.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

* As obvious, you need to have several companies.
* Go to Accounting > Configuration > Settings
* Select the proper company (if you are admin or a user with several companies
  access), or keep the current one (for a regular user).
* On Invoicing & Payments section, set fields "Default Sale Tax" and "Default
  Purchase Tax".

Usage
=====

> * Go to Sales > Sales > Products.

Reviewer: Why have you changed the numbered list by an unordered one?

Author: Because taking a look I saw that fashion was to put asterisks :smile:

Reviewer: Well, that's old fashion :stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes: See template when you have doubts: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/master/template/module/readme/USAGE.rst

Author: Changes done.
I like to be always up to date. :smiley:
